Modal Verbs with Examples

Need - (all cases listed with "need" as the verb)
i think 0 s a lot of it too, is that people need -1 to teach their kids, what not to, what * to do t-2 and what * not to do t-3.
i think 0 people need -1 to understand more like what a meter is t-3, instead of how many feet t-2 in a meter or something. just get used to -4 using all the terms.
and the, what people need -1 to understand t*-2 in my opinion, now this is just my opinion, okay, uh, is that businesses create jobs and jobs create income and income pays taxes.
well, s, s one of the, really, a valid point that people need -1 to consider t*-2 as well.
but, uh, people need *-1 to be more conscious of it.
well i guess 0 i t think that, uh, uh, juries need *-1 to decide sentencing all the time.

Seem - (all cases listed where "seem" is the verb)
you know, kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old t-1 they fall out of that,
but, dogs seem *-1 to be always in the mood.
i mean people seem *-1 to get into different aspects.
but nowadays, s so much on tv where, where people seem -1 to have the idea 0 they can get something for nothing t*-2.
then d go -3 look because women seem -1 to like *-2 to look a lot more than men do.   
and in this country, uh, the, the solution that, that people seem -1 to think 0 t*-2 work are politically unacceptable.	
and, uh, you know, v eights seem *-1 to be a return to the days of, you know, ten or twelve miles a gallon.		
but other people seem, -1 to be ?*
but, uh, the, uh, uh, now the only thing 0 people seem -1 to agree on t-2 is that education is, uh, an economic enterprise 0 t*-3 to train people for jobs.

Should - (all cases listed where "should" is found in the sentence)
and maybe instead of, of, uh, * just kind of blowing it off just spend a day or a day and a half like most folks do, maybe we should commit -1 to spend a week,
but i guess 0 overall, because i guess 0 m not associated with what ghetto schools, and, and, uh, and, uh, rural school systems are like t-1, i, i should imagine 0 that would take an enormous expenditure. and i think that s one of the things that women are sacrificing t-1 that they should not do t-2.
i, i honestly feel 0 if people have nothing 0 to hide t-1, they t have a problem with it.
and, again, this is driven -1 by all of the documentation and, uh, e s and h, uh, uh, considerations that, uh, people are, uh, worrying about t-2, i think, much more than they should ?*.

Have - (not all have cases listed... most are not "have to" but instead are refering to the possession of something).
and i think that s just 0 people have got *-1 to be aware.

Not Found: Must, Can, Could, May, Might (as the verb proceeding the plural noun).